Woah, woah where are ya off ta!?
Sorry! We just need to cross your field.
Just over the hill and we'll be gone!
Well, this field and the next 5 fields after that are mine!
Please! there's no other way through the valley, it's too dangerous for us to climb the mountains.
Yous should've thought of that before setting off in the first place, head back or I'll ring Garda Keogh. He'll be here in a flash I'll tell ya!
We can't turn back now, you're the first farmer to give out to us.
I'm the first farmer with any decent bit of sense. Yous will be leaving chocolate wrappers and fizzy drink bottles all over the place for me cattle to choke on.
Never mind him Fergal, on we go.
Ah you want me to take matters into me own hands do ya!!!?
Woah woah don't shoot.
Ah g'way Fergal! What's he gonna do? Murder some innocent hikers?
I had it up to here with ya!
It's not worth it Danny, let's go back.
Walk another 4 hours back!? In these runners? We're only 2 hours away from the end!
I told ya not to wear them, look at them, they're sogging!
Maybe if you picked a different nice dry trail we wouldn't have to deal with this lad!
Stop bickering yous two, Back the way ye came!
Yeoooow Jaysus!
You can take it all! All me belongings! don't kill me please!
He has one more shot and I hope to God it's for you Fergal.
I'm too young to die Danny!
What on earth is going on here!!?
Garda Keogh I was just about to call ya! These two lads are trespassing on my field!
Are you dull Seamus!? How many times do I have to tell ya!? This is a public hike trail!
No, no this land has been passed down through generations of my family!
Yeah, and your father sold it to the council! We have the same conversation every time!
You're a right liar Garda!
I lost track of the amount of times you've shot that bleedin yoke into the sky! The village is driving me made with complaints!
Ah don't mind them, I'm well within my right to defend my land!
I've let you off too many times with this Seamus. Come on, off to the station.
Ay! Stop will ya!
Ah me bleedin nose! Cheers for that, yous can head on your way, I'll deal with him.
All the best Garda!
That was unreal! We almost died!
I would've had him. He's lucky the Garda came!
Which way are we heading again?
Do you ever pay attention!? you dope.
What on earth is going on here!!?
Garda Keogh I was just about to call ya! These two lads are trespassing on my field!
Are you dull Seamus!? How many times do I have to tell ya!? This is a public hike trail!
Dull!? Who are you calling dull!?
Seamus calm down please. Don't point that gun at me!
You're a right liar Garda! My Father owned this field and after his passing I'm legally entitled to it!
Seamus your father sold it to the council years before he died, remember?
Lies and lies Garda! I'm sick of people trampling on the land we used to cherish!
Dear lord I should've took you in the first time this happened!
You're not taking me anywhere!
Ahhhh stop shooting!
C'mon then son!
C'mere you criminals!
Fergal call the Guards! Now!
Already on it!
